chore(zh): maintain redirected links (part 2) (#22802)
mdn/translated-content: files/zh-tw/web/svg/tutorial/paths/index.md

## Curve commands

> There are three different commands that you can use to create smooth curves. Two of those curves are Bezier curves, and the third is an "arc" or part of a circle. You might have already gained practical experience with Bezier curves using path tools in Inkscape, Illustrator or Photoshop. For a complete description of the math behind Bezier curves, go to a reference like the one on [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/B%C3%A9zier_curve). There are an infinite number of Bezier curves, but only two simple ones are available in path elements: a cubic one, called with C, and a quadratic one, called with Q.

Author: ```suggestion
There are three different commands that you can use to create smooth curves. Two of those curves are Bezier curves, and the third is an "arc" or part of a circle. You might have already gained practical experience with Bezier curves using path tools in Inkscape, Illustrator or Photoshop. For a complete description of the math behind Bezier curves, go to a reference like the one on [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bézier_curve). There are an infinite number of Bezier curves, but only two simple ones are available in path elements: a cubic one, called with C, and a quadratic one, called with Q.
```
